CONTRIBUTORS.md (#1)
antmerlino/incubator-nuttx: CONTRIBUTORS.md

# Outline

1. Overview
2. Developing a Contribution
3. Pre-screening a Contribution
4. Submitting a Contribution
5. Acceptance Criteria
6. From Contribution to Commit
7. Rationale

# Overview

> 

Author: ```suggestion
## Definitions
**Contributor** -  
**Contribution** - 
**Committer** -
**PPMC** -
**Community** -
```

The life-cycle of a contribution is as follows:

1. Contributor improves or expands the code-base and wants to contribute the change to the community project.
2. Contributor pre-screens the contribution against the Acceptance Criteria.
3. Contributor submits the contribution to the Community for review.
4. The Community reviews the contribution against Acceptance Criteria.
5. The Contributor works with the Community to update the contribution until it meets all criteria.
6. The Committers sign-off on the contribution and merge it into the code-base.

Note: The term 'Community' is intentionally used to highlight that Contributors, Committers, PMC, or anyone else, can be a part of the process. 

# Developing a Contribution

> If you are a complete beginner to Apache NuttX, please refer to our Getting Started Guide [Add link]. This will help you get up and running with the stock project.

Author: ```suggestion
If you are a complete beginner to Apache NuttX, please refer to our Getting Started Guide [Add link]. This will help you get up and running with the Apache NuttX repositories.
```

> If you are interested in contributing to the project, but are unsure how to help, please check out our Issues [Add link] page, or reach out on the mailing list (dev@nuttx.apache.org).

Author: ```suggestion
If you are interested in contributing to the project, please join our mailing list (dev@nuttx.apache.org) and check out our Issues [Add link] page for things you are interested in helping with.
```

> If you have your own work that has led to a bug-fix, improvement, or feature, and you would like to submit it to the community, please follow the rest of this guide to get your Contribution integrated into the project

Author: ```suggestion
Follow the steps below for how to contribute to Apache NuttX. We welcome you to our community of volunteers [Add link to Apache Way] and look forward to your contributions.
```

# Pre-screening a Contribution

> Before a contribution is accepted it must pass all Acceptance Criteria. While the community will help bring contributions into compliance, it saves everyone time if the Contributor does some of the pre-screening before submitting a contribution.

Author: ```suggestion
Before a contribution is accepted it must pass all Acceptance Criteria. We urge Contributors to make best effort into bringing their contributions into compliance. This helps the community grow in the Apache Way. But the Community is here to help! Reach out on the dev list and someone will assist!
```

[PUT LIST OF PRE-SCREENING STEPS HERE THAT HELP THE CONTRIBUTOR CHECK FOR COMPLIANCE WITH THE ACCEPTANCE CRITERIA. For example, nxstyle checks]

> While we hope Contributors can do most of the legwork up front to check for compliance, the community will help bring contributions into compliance so that they can be included in the project.

Author: ```suggestion
```

# Submitting a Contribution

## Methods of Initial Contribution

Contributions can be submitted in the following ways:

1. A patch file sent to the mailing list
2. A Pull Request on Github

### Patch Files

**How to Create a Patch File**

**How to Submit a Patch File**

**From Patch File to PR**

### Pull Requests

**How to create a Pull Request**

> # Criteria For Acceptance

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Acceptance Criteria
```
